Get rid of allow + -ing (#5045)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/FilterBuilder/020 Integrate with a DevExtreme UI Component.md

The FilterBuilder's [fields](/api-reference/10%20UI%20Components/dxFilterBuilder/1%20Configuration/fields '/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxFilterBuilder/Configuration/#fields') array should 

> contain data fields from a UI component's data source. For example, the following code allows to use the [List's](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/List/00%20Getting%20Started%20with%20List '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Getting_Started_with_List') `Name` and `Price` fields in the FilterBuilder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contain data fields from a UI component's data source. For example, the following code passes the [List's](/concepts/05%20UI%20Components/List/00%20Getting%20Started%20with%20List '/Documentation/Guide/UI_Components/List/Getting_Started_with_List') `Name` and `Price` fields to the FilterBuilder:
```
